---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "artifactory_ldap_group_setting_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-artifactory"
subcategory: "Configuration"
---
# Artifactory Ldap Group Setting v2 Resource

Provides an Artifactory LDAP Setting resource. 

This resource can be used to manage Artifactory's LDAP Group settings for user authentication.

LDAP Groups Add-on allows you to synchronize your LDAP groups with the system and leverage your existing organizational
structure for managing group-based permissions.

[API documentation](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-rest-apis/ldap-group-setting), [general documentation](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-platform-administration-documentation/ldap).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "artifactory_ldap_group_setting_v2" "ldap_group_name" {
  name                   = "ldap_group_name"
  enabled_ldap           = "ldap_name"
  group_base_dn          = "CN=Users,DC=MyDomain,DC=com"
  group_name_attribute   = "cn"
  group_member_attribute = "uniqueMember"
  sub_tree               = true
  force_attribute_search = false
  filter                 = "(objectClass=groupOfNames)"
  description_attribute  = "description"
  strategy               = "STATIC"
}
```

## Argument reference

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description_attribute` (String) An attribute on the group entry which denoting the group description. Used when importing groups.
- `filter` (String) The LDAP filter used to search for group entries. Used for importing groups.
- `group_member_attribute` (String) A multi-value attribute on the group entry containing user DNs or IDs of the group members (e.g., uniqueMember, member).
- `group_name_attribute` (String) Attribute on the group entry denoting the group name. Used when importing groups.
- `name` (String) Ldap group setting name.
- `strategy` (String) The JFrog Platform Deployment (JPD) supports three ways of mapping groups to LDAP schemas: STATIC: Group objects are aware of their members, however, the users are not aware of the groups they belong to. Each group object such as groupOfNames or groupOfUniqueNames holds its respective member attributes, typically member or uniqueMember, which is a user DN. DYNAMIC: User objects are aware of what groups they belong to, but the group objects are not aware of their members. Each user object contains a custom attribute, such as group, that holds the group DNs or group names of which the user is a member. HIERARCHICAL: The user's DN is indicative of the groups the user belongs to by using group names as part of user DN hierarchy. Each user DN contains a list of ou's or custom attributes that make up the group association. For example, `uid=user1,ou=developers,ou=uk,dc=jfrog,dc=org` indicates that `user1` belongs to two groups: `uk` and `developers`. Valid values are: `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`, `HIERARCHICAL`, case sensitive, all caps.

### Optional

- `enabled_ldap` (String) The LDAP setting key you want to use for group retrieval.
- `force_attribute_search` (Boolean) This attribute is used in very specific cases of LDAP group settings. Don't switch it to `false`, unless instructed by the JFrog support team. Default value is `false`.
- `group_base_dn` (String) A search base for group entry DNs, relative to the DN on the LDAP server’s URL (and not relative to the LDAP Setting’s “Search Base”). Used when importing groups.
- `sub_tree` (Boolean) When set, enables deep search through the sub-tree of the LDAP URL + Search Base. `true` by default. `sub_tree` can be set to true only with `STATIC` or `DYNAMIC` strategy.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import artifactory_ldap_group_setting_v2.ldap ldapGroup1
```
