---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "artifactory_local_machinelearning_repository Resource - terraform-provider-artifactory"
subcategory: "Local Repositories"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to creates a local Machine Learning repository.
  Official documentation can be found here https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/machine-learning-repositories.
---

# artifactory_local_machinelearning_repository (Resource)

Provides a resource to creates a local Machine Learning repository.

Official documentation can be found [here](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/machine-learning-repositories).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "artifactory_local_machinelearning_repository" "my-machinelearning-local" {
  key = "my-machinelearning-local"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) A mandatory identifier for the repository that must be unique. Must be 1 - 64 alphanumeric and hyphen characters. It cannot contain spaces or special characters.

### Optional

- `archive_browsing_enabled` (Boolean) When set, you may view content such as HTML or Javadoc files directly from Artifactory.
This may not be safe and therefore requires strict content moderation to prevent malicious users from uploading content that may compromise security (e.g., cross-site scripting attacks).
- `blacked_out` (Boolean) When set, the repository does not participate in artifact resolution and new artifacts cannot be deployed.
- `description` (String) Public description.
- `download_direct` (Boolean) When set, download requests to this repository will redirect the client to download the artifact directly from the cloud storage provider. Available in Enterprise+ and Edge licenses only.
- `excludes_pattern` (String) List of artifact patterns to exclude when evaluating artifact requests, in the form of `x/y/**/z/*`.By default no artifacts are excluded.
- `includes_pattern` (String) List of comma-separated artifact patterns to include when evaluating artifact requests in the form of `x/y/**/z/*`. When used, only artifacts matching one of the include patterns are served. By default, all artifacts are included (`**/*`).
- `notes` (String) Internal description.
- `priority_resolution` (Boolean) Setting repositories with priority will cause metadata to be merged only from repositories set with this field
- `project_environments` (Set of String) Project environment for assigning this repository to. Allow values: "DEV", "PROD", or one of custom environment. Before Artifactory 7.53.1, up to 2 values ("DEV" and "PROD") are allowed. From 7.53.1 to 7.107.1, only one value is allowed. From 7.107.1, multiple values are allowed. The attribute should only be used if the repository is already assigned to the existing project. If not, the attribute will be ignored by Artifactory, but will remain in the Terraform state, which will create state drift during the update.
- `project_key` (String) Project key for assigning this repository to. Must be 2 - 32 lowercase alphanumeric and hyphen characters. When assigning repository to a project, repository key must be prefixed with project key, separated by a dash.
- `property_sets` (Set of String) List of property set name
- `xray_index` (Boolean) Enable Indexing In Xray. Repository will be indexed with the default retention period. You will be able to change it via Xray settings.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import artifactory_local_machinelearning_repository.my-machinelearning-local my-machinelearning-local
```
