---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "artifactory_user Resource - terraform-provider-artifactory"
subcategory: "User"
---
# Artifactory User Resource

Provides an Artifactory user resource. This can be used to create and manage Artifactory users.
The password is a required field by the [Artifactory API](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+REST+API#ArtifactoryRESTAPI-CreateorReplaceUser), but we made it optional in this resource to accommodate the scenario where the password is not needed and will be reset by the actual user later.  
When the optional attribute `password` is omitted, a random password is generated according to current Artifactory password policy.

~> The generated password won't be stored in the TF state and can not be recovered. The user must reset the password to be able to log in. An admin can always generate the access key for the user as well. The password change won't trigger state drift. We don't recommend to use this resource unless there is a specific use case for it. Recommended resource is `artifactory_managed_user`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "artifactory_user" "test-user" {
  name                          = "terraform"
  password                      = "my super secret password"
  email                         = "test-user@artifactory-terraform.com"
  admin                         = false
  profile_updatable   		    = true
  disable_ui_access			    = false
  internal_password_disabled 	= false
  groups                        = ["readers", "logged-in-users"]
}
```

## Argument reference

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Email for user.
- `name` (String) Username for user. May contain lowercase letters, numbers and symbols: '.-_@'

### Optional

- `admin` (Boolean) (Optional, Default: false) When enabled, this user is an administrator with all the ensuing privileges.
- `disable_ui_access` (Boolean) (Optional, Default: true) When enabled, this user can only access the system through the REST API. This option cannot be set if the user has Admin privileges.
- `groups` (Set of String) List of groups this user is a part of. If no groups set, `readers` group will be added by default. If other groups are assigned, `readers` must be added to the list manually to avoid state drift.
- `internal_password_disabled` (Boolean) (Optional, Default: false) When enabled, disables the fallback mechanism for using an internal password when external authentication (such as LDAP) is enabled.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) (Optional, Sensitive) Password for the user. When omitted, a random password is generated using the following password policy: 12 characters with 1 digit, 1 symbol, with upper and lower case letters
- `profile_updatable` (Boolean) (Optional, Default: true) When enabled, this user can update their profile details (except for the password. Only an administrator can update the password). There may be cases in which you want to leave this unset to prevent users from updating their profile. For example, a departmental user with a single password shared between all department members.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import artifactory_user.test-user myusername
```

## Managing groups relationship

See [our recommendation](guides/user_group.md) on how to manage user-group relationship.
